BD-4266: Add clarifications for setting up multiple ad IDs for ad groups (#9203)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/canvas_steps/google_audience_sync.md

<br><br>

If you have multiple apps in a single workspace, you can input any of your app IDs in the setup because mobile ad IDs for your users will be the same across multiple apps. This is because both the Android GAID and iOS IDFA are universal ad identifiers on the device and are not app-specific. To sync mobile ad IDs for users from a specific app, you can use segment filters ("Last Used Specific App" or Most Recent App Version") to target these users.

### Step 2: Add a Google Audience step in Canvas Flow

Add a component in your Canvas, then select **Audience Sync**.

![The menu to select a Canvas component in the editor.][18]{: style="max-width:35%;"} ![The Audience Sync step added to the user journey.][20]{: style="max-width:28%;"}

### Step 3: Sync setup

1. Select **Custom Audience** to open the component editor.
2. Select **Google** as the Audience Sync partner.

![The Audience Sync step settings with the option to select a partner to start the sync.][19]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

> Select the desired Google ad account. Under the **Choose a New or Existing Audience** dropdown, type in the name of a new or existing audience. 

Author: ```suggestion
{: start="3"}
3. Select the desired Google ad account. 
4. In the **Choose a New or Existing Audience** dropdown, enter the name of a new or existing audience. 
```

<br><br>
![The updated Google Ads technology page showing the Ad accounts connected, allowing you to re-sync accounts and add mobile advertising IDs.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync5.png %}){: style="max-width:75%;"}
<br><br>

If you have multiple apps in a single workspace, you can input any of your app IDs in the setup because mobile ad IDs for your users will be the same across multiple apps. This is because both the Android GAID and iOS IDFA are universal ad identifiers on the device and are not app-specific. To sync mobile ad IDs for users from a specific app, you can use segment filters ("Last Used Specific App" or Most Recent App Version") to target these users.

### Step 2: Add a Google Audience step in Canvas Flow

Add a component in your Canvas, then select **Audience Sync**.

![The menu to select a Canvas component in the editor.][18]{: style="max-width:35%;"} ![The Audience Sync step added to the user journey.][20]{: style="max-width:28%;"}

### Step 3: Sync setup

> Select **Custom Audience** to open the component editor.
> 
> Select **Google** as the desired Audience Sync partner.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select **Custom Audience** to open the component editor.
2. Select **Google** as the Audience Sync partner.
```
